A naked singularity caused a hard error.
Excessive sunspot activity. Please apply cream.
Solar flares are back in fashion.
electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris
Static from nylon underwear
Static from plastic slide rules
The software entered a black hole's time dilation field, where time moves slower. It’s still processing the data from last week.
Hull stress factor uncertain
Little green men did little green things.
Heavy gravity fluctuation, move computer to floor rapidly
Cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter
Need to wrap system in aluminum foil to fix problem
It was not LCU No Fool Like One's Fault
CMDR Klassic did it
Firmware stollen for Salvations Guardian sanctuary.
User to computer ratio too high.
Recursivity.  Call back if it happens again.
We'll fix that in the next upgrade.
We'll fix that in the next update.
We'll fix that in the next patch release.
We'll fix that in the next service pack.
Having to manually track the satellite.
Marlinist revolutionaries taking over the server room and demanding all the computers in the building.
Tribbles in the colling ducts.
Fuel scoop leakage severed the cables. 
My software does not like you.... I don't like you.
Your warranty has expired. Can I interest you in an extended warranty?
The software malfunctioned due to a dense gas cloud interfering with our signal transmission. Eat less beans.
You changed the polarity of the hex inverter didn't you?
A Jedi mind trick altered the system variables. We need to recalibrate the Force within our network.
Cargo limpet expired.
A Thargoid probe infected our network with alien malware. We’re deploying anti-xeno measures.
Thargoid resin jam disoved the server.
Out of biscuits error
Vampire llama containment breach
If you break it again you'll be cleaning the llama pens with your toothbrush
Too much avian cheese before bedtime
Hamster wheel integrity violation
Causality violation
Save the bark mounds!
Excessive heat from heavenly body
Mug ownership deficiency syndrome
Orbital mechanics dropped a spanner in the works
Its not just the mean anomaly, its pretty unpleasant too
I havent got time for your nonsense
Space madness taking its toll
The plugin got unplugged
That's a really stupid icon, someone should change it
if you think its so easy why dont you do it
